>> Will Sentance: We're gonna move into
the wonderful world of pair programming.
We're gonna look through this list
of things that you might have done,
evaluate yourself,
give yourself a score, a tally, a total.
A total, that's the word I should use.
People often think it's like levels,
no, give yourselves a total.
Out of nine, looks like nine to me,
so a total of nine.
Give ourselves a total of nine, we're then
going to line up ourselves along here,
and looking coyly,
this is an acceptable thing, whatever.
We are gonna have ones, twos, and threes,
fours, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
Line ourselves up.
We're gonna pair off by
relative experience level.
And we are going to start working
through the challenges in pairs.
We're gonna talk about how pair
programming works, how to make it
effective, why it is the secret hidden
hack to growing fast as a developer.
But first we're gonna pair
off by relative experience.